A huh? Haa.
Woah-ho-ho!
Sanites, se?
Ugh! Pf.
Naa. Mat sita.
Casupa ti. Ova sa ta-ta.
A baba si, eh?
Esekita! Eh patika. A zizi!
Eh wana ay. Eh sawa ti. A tita pata!
Coma sacin.
- Hih?
Store Parak.
Ugh! Se Karik. Saka ting.
Et tone ecoo.
Eh laka ti na ti qa.
Eh rocka tocka tick.
Eh yo qure kara!
Nyage siqo tacke.
- Jo pa sa tava!
Ah, siga stagher.
Sepa too!
Glorckling startrick!
- Eh para kiri gouratick
- Se passa.
- Katchu a ti-tat.
- Pfft, ugh.
Eh sa “ugh”. B-- Batgar a barsoba, si?
- “Ah see tur, eh patuse.”
- “Toure-houre.”
- “Ana ma kin a poura doura.”
- Marke bou!
A tu tit.
- Look it Danik.
Ugh!
Ooh! Mmm.
Bo ro lat of a Quack.
- Woah, la ba li bi de Quack.
Ugh! Quack is a colgid.
Eh sata ta-ta?
Eh Sinqa Tong.
Zatick!
Blugh.
Ta-ti!
- Zagh!
Mourkats!
A ta-tara.
Ugh…
- Krinka!
Asita.
Pour le King.
- Ma Dante.
Zaldor!
Mal Pato.
Philip Cots.
- Ma Toupit.
Masiq et no et bleu.
Ta-ba ta-ba tou-be di?
Arata, azit!
Eh, oh! Oh!
Oye.
Waha aha.
No, bla, no.
Et ca?
- Woah!
Yeah!
Za Bornak.
A Pasa, too, a laugh.
Eh…
Eh a lot of Shorplee!
Wow.
- Yo, ho, ho, ho. Ooh. Quack!
Quack?!
Zaba goth.
A suba ti-ta.
Ticka sack. Go ba tincka bout.
- “Banezinkat”?
Bada bouta vouda.
Too too.
- Quack.